[R2] Add extra info about custom domain caching and access control (#6692)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/data-access/public-buckets.md

To configure firewall rules, caching, access controls, or bot management for your bucket, you must set up a custom domain.

> ## Custom domains

Author: Done :)

### Caching

Domain access through a custom domain allows you to use Cloudflare Cache to accelerate access to your R2 bucket.

{{<Aside type="note" header="Enabling cache for all file types">}}

By default, only certain file types are cached. To cache all files in your bucket, you must set a Cache Everything page rule. For more information on default Cache behavior and how to customize it, see [Default Cache Behavior](/cache/about/default-cache-behavior/#default-cached-file-extensions)

{{</Aside>}}

### Access control

> Restricting access to the bucket behind your custom domain is possible by utilizing Cloudflare's existing security products:
> - Buckets that should only be accessible by your teammates can be protected by making use of [Cloudflare Zero Trust Access](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps).
> - When dynamic authentication of a wide userbase is required, you can make use of [Cloudflare WAF Token Authentication](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001376488-Configuring-Token-Authentication#4NRqqMni2CYkLKlVcs0m6S).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict access to your custom domain's bucket, use Cloudflare's existing security products:

- [Cloudflare Zero Trust Access](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps): Protect buckets that should only be accessible by your teammates.
- [Cloudflare WAF Token Authentication](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001376488-Configuring-Token-Authentication#4NRqqMni2CYkLKlVcs0m6S): Restrict access to documents, files, and media to selected users without requiring them to register.
```

Author: I modified it to this:

```
To restrict access to your custom domain's bucket, use Cloudflare's existing security products:

- [Cloudflare Zero Trust Access](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps): Protect buckets that should only be accessible by your teammates.
- [Cloudflare WAF Token Authentication](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001376488-Configuring-Token-Authentication#4NRqqMni2CYkLKlVcs0m6S): Restrict access to documents, files, and media to selected users by providing them with an access token.
```
I found the 'without requiring them to register' a bit weird, since it might imply to users that it just allows public access again. But if you think that's better than what I changed it to now, I'll just adopt your suggestion in full.

> {{<Aside type="warning" header="Warning">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="warning" header="`r2.dev` public access">}}
```

> Make sure that public access through [r2.dev is disabled](#disable-managed-public-access-for-your-bucket)
> when you want to restrict access to your bucket with products like WAF or Cloudflare Access.
> Otherwise your bucket will remain publicly available through your r2.dev subdomain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable public access to your [`r2.dev` subdomain](#disable-managed-public-access-for-your-bucket) when using products like WAF or Cloudflare Access. If you do not disable public access, your bucket will remain publicly available through your `r2.dev` subdomain.
```

You can review if your bucket is publicly accessible by going to your bucket and checking that **Public URL Access** states **Allowed**.

### Disable managed public access for your bucket

> Your bucket will not be exposed to the Internet as an `r2.dev subdomain` after you disable public access. If you have connected other domains, the bucket will remain accessible on those domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your bucket will not be exposed to the Internet as an `r2.dev` subdomain after you disable public access. If you have connected other domains, the bucket will remain accessible on those domains.
```
